h1. Purpose

This repo is mostly just for me, to store the plugins and modes I use with "Coda":http://www.panic.com/coda/ . In order to more easily create this repo, I slipped in a few modes found in other repos, noted below.

h2. Modes include:

h3. ApacheConf.mode

A user contributed mode from the "SubEthaEdit Modes Website":http://www.codingmonkeys.de/subethaedit/modes.html

h3. bash.mode

Can't remember where I found this, but drop me a line if you are the original creator and I will include mention here. It has been modified from it's original version.

h3. CoffeeScript.mode

Originally from "https://github.com/nfiniteset/CoffeeScript.mode":https://github.com/nfiniteset/CoffeeScript.mode

h3. HAML.mode

Originally from "https://github.com/gf3/haml.mode":https://github.com/gf3/haml.mode , with an attempt (mostly failed) by me to improve multiline syntax highlighting

h3. properties.mode

I created this mode to provide absolute basic syntax highlighting for .properties files (mostly just comments, boolean true|false, and numbers)

h3. SASS.mode

Originally from "https://github.com/brajeshwar/Sass.mode":https://github.com/brajeshwar/Sass.mode

h3. YAML.mode

Originally from "https://github.com/stuffmc/YAML.mode":https://github.com/stuffmc/YAML.mode

h2. Plugins include:

h3. UsefulTools

A plugin I made with a collection of commands (scripted in ruby) to provide some useful functionality. Included commands are:

h4. Balancer

keyboard shortcut <kbd>control</kbd> + <kbd>option</kbd> + <kbd>command</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd>

Balance code variable assignments & arrays so they are more readable. For example:

<pre><code>
name = "John"
occupation = "Programmer"
color = "Blue"
</code></pre>

would become

<pre><code>
name       = "John"
occupation = "Programmer"
color      = "Blue"
</code></pre>

Also works on arrays, so:

<pre><code>
array("name" => "John"
      "occupation" => "Programmer"
      "color" => "Blue");
</code></pre>

becomes

<pre><code>
array("name"       => "John"
      "occupation" => "Programmer"
      "color"      => "Blue");
</code></pre>

h4. CSS Toggler

keyboard shortcut <kbd>control</kbd> + <kbd>option</kbd> + <kbd>command</kbd> + <kbd>spacebar</kbd>

Toggle CSS declaration formatting back and forth between one-line to multi-line. It works with multiple declarations highlighted at once, and will toggle the declarations independently between single and multiple line, depending on their current state. A bit experimental, but it does work well.

<pre>
.labeling { color: #aaa; text-align: right; font-weight: normal; }
a.button 
{
    line-height: 25px;
    text-align: center;
    text-decoration: none;
}
</pre>

becomes

<pre>
.labeling
{
    color: #aaa;
    text-align: right;
    font-weight: normal;
}
a.button { line-height: 25px; text-align: center; text-decoration: none; }
</pre>

h1. More

I am gracious to the original creators of these modes, and am mostly just using this repo as a simple place to store the modes & plugins in my <code>~/Library/Application Support/Coda</code> directory. That said, the modes which I have indicated that were created by others fall under any copyright/license/blood pact placed on them by their original author(s).
